# University Final Project
This was my university final project - an example of a more in depth item crafting system for use in Role-Playing Games (RPGs). Many current RPGs have very simplistic crafting systems, involving nothing more than a player combining items instantly to create something new. I wanted to try out a system similar to the combat systems in RPGs, where players have different abilities that affect the outcome of a fight.

# How it works
The system works by giving the player a list of abilities they can use during the creation of an item, which change the outcome of the final product. For example, one player might want to create a sword that is very durable (so it would last longer), whereas another might prefer a more delicate, intricate sword (to look nice). Each ability will affect the crafting process in a different way, so it is up to the player to work out how best to use their abilities for the desired outcome. Not only can players use their abilities in different ways, they can also specialise in different crafts, which allow them to use completely different abilities to each other.

# Future Improvements
Obviously a system like this will need to be balanced very carefully. The idea is that each player can use the system however they like, but if certain abilities are perceived as overpowered, every player will want to use those abilities. During the project, I chose to avoid balancing the game in this way (after advice from my tutor), due to time constraints. I feel like this would be an interesting challenge for the future (since game balancing is something I am interested in), and if I find myself recreating a similar system then I will definitely look into doing this.
Another area I would like to change with this project is changing how the individual ability classes are created. For simplicity in this project, the ability statistics/values were hardcoded into the AbilityHandler script. Changing this to be handled externally from the AbilityHandler script, potentially automated from another file/database, would be something worth doing.
